There has always been a controversial topic on the appropriate age for marriage. Some say that the legal age at which people can marry should be at least 21, which is also the opinion held by the laws of most developed countries. I partially agree with it, and the following essay will give reasons for this conclusion under different situations.
Admittedly, the legal age of marriage does have its consideration. Setting such a limit allows young people to consider more about their marriage and reduce the opportunity of an unpleasant marriage, otherwise, the lack of social experience and financial support, which is common for most young people, may lead to the break of the relationship.
However, despite the general condition, individual situations should be taken into consideration. Marriage is a matter involving two individuals, so simply set up a limit for everyone may be impractical and specific marriage age should be determined considering personal situations. For example, those who work early may have enough social experience and financial condition to support a family and often have more urgent requirements in forming a family to support each other. Each individual's condition may vary, so for those with an urgent need, it's reasonable for them to get married young. Nevertheless, considering the physical condition of the couple, they cannot give birth to a baby, which may be a deficiency for many.
In conclusion, due to various factors such as lack of life experience and unable to provide financial support for the family, generally, people should get married at least when they are 21, while the specific decision should be made according to their condition. 