As observed in certain countries, an increasing number of people have developed an interest in uncovering more about the history of the house or building they live in. There can be various reasons for the appearance of such interest and many ways to research it, which we will discuss in this essay.
Various reasons may lead to the development of the hobby. First, advanced technology, a well-developed economy and society, and increased importance attached to the local history by the government provide people with an unprecedented condition for looking into the past. Such condition consists of better financial support and enough leisure time, the internet and local libraries to look for information, and so on. Second, people's curiosity evokes their interest in finding out the history of the houses or buildings they live in, and through doing so they can understand local folklore and the development of the times better.
As for methods to research the history of the house, plenty is available as a result of modern technology. The easiest way is to research on the internet, where many traces of the past such as the original building plan and background information of the house may be found on places like the government or the company's websites. Other methods include communicating with the past owner and neighbours about their memories of the past and looking for information in local museums, libraries and even archives if available, for those places often contain some information about local history that the internet fails to include due to different reasons. 
In conclusion, because of the development in technology and society, people are provided with the better condition to find out about the history of their living places, and many methods can be taken to achieve this goal.