When choosing a job, the salary is the most important consideration.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?
When choosing a job, many factors need to be taken into consideration, such as salary, working condition, welfare, personal interest, and so many more. Some argue that among all factors, salaries is the most important one, while others disagree. The following essay will discuss both views and give a personal opinion.
Advocates of such views may say that salary is fundamental and the most important part of a job and is directly related to one's living condition. With a job low in salary, it can be difficult to even make a living, not to mention spiritual life. What's more, low salary often suggest that either the company does not value your work or the company is close to bankruptcy. Neither is a good sign for one who is expecting a long-term and stable job.
On the other hand, opponents may argue that there are many more important aspects to consider when choosing a job, salary is only the most basic one. For example, a high-paid job may not be satisfying with stressful working condition and forced overworking, while a job with relatively low salary but providing relaxing working condition and little work can be more popular. 
In conclusion, salary is admittedly a important part of a job, but other parts can also be crucial for individual, such as working condition, welfare, personal interest, stress, etc. Salary is important, but when it's within a certain range, it's obviously not the most important one.