As I have mentioned in question 1, I loved diving into technology. So you may guess that I will say a computer or advanced programming techniques. However, it's my addiction to techniques that made me understand how important it is to truly care about real people.

In the past, I didn't care much about it and was fully soaked in technology. That changed after I watched a video about accessibility. The video challenged me to use the phone with my eye covered. I failed. At first, I considered such challenge meaningless: who would want to use phone in such a way? The video then revealed the answer: the blind. I fell silent The video then introduces me to Voice Over, a function that tells the content on the screen. It was useful, but it was far not enough. The current way of interaction is not intuitive and well-designed. What's more, the current programming habit of many software is too bad for Voice Over to take effect. The basic principle of Voice Over is to read out the components on the screen, or more specifically, the tag specified to the component by the programmer. However, many softwares don't specify tags to components and had a disastrous layout, resulting in a mess in Voice Over and to the blind. This is where I can  make a difference.

Later, I developed a plugin used to show a path graph between two notes in Obsidian. Considering people with visual impairment such as hypochromatopsia, achromatopsia, etc., I wrote a customization feature which not only enables people to make out their favourite style of graph, but also allows people with hypochromatopsia patients to set high contrast color, achromatopsia patients to see a graph they can distinguish, and amblyopia patients to magnify nodes and lines to see a clearer graph.

Technology is cold and impersonal. It does not consider human difficulties. But we are human. We are alive. We have to consider it because everyone will meet difficulties. That's why caring for others is important --- it salvages my heart that has been too cold due to massive exposure and immersion in technology, and makes it warm again.