As I have mentioned in question 1, I loved diving into techniques. So you may guess that I will say a computer or advanced programming techniques. However, it's my addiction to techniques that made me understand how important it is to truly care about real people.

Things started when I was watching a video about accessibility. The video challenged me to use the phone with my eye covered. As I had expected, I failed. At first I didn't thought much: it was a nearly impossible job! But then I realized that such challenge is the norm for the blind. I fell silent. The video then introduce me to Voice Over, a function that tells the content on the screen. It was great, I thought. It indeed is, but it was far not enough. The current way of interaction is obviously not good enough. What's more, the current programming habit of many software are too bad for Voice Over to take effect. The basic principle of Voice Over is to read out the components on the screen, or more specifically, the tag specified to the component by the programmer. The programme can't know what this button or that graph is for, after all. However, some software --- or to say, most software in China --- don't specify tags to components and had a disastrous layout, resulting in a mess in Voice Over and to the blind. This is where I can come in and do something in the future. I regret for not seeing such need in the past, and decided to care for people whenever possible when programming in the future.

Technology is cold and impersonal. It does not consider human's difficulties. But we are human. We are alive. We have to consider, because everyone will meet difficulties. That's why caring for others is important --- it salvages my heart that has been too cold due to massive exposure and immersion in technology, and make it warm again.