I am the vice president of Emergency Action Club, one of the five-star clubs in my school. Throughout the school year, I have helped organized several activities.

As a practice, every year Emergency Action Club members will volunteer to help at the medical point during out school's sports festival.

First of all, the president and I needed to allocate applicants to work either before noon or after noon. This was quite some job because each person has their own arrangement and we had to coordinate them. I was in charge of the second half of the day, and I had to call the roll and run through the whole stadium under the burning sun to remind some of their duties. Volunteers were separated into several groups, and I had already arranged a proper patrol route ensuring every competition was accompanied with a team of volunteer in case of injuries. Some events involves special attention. For example, two teams of volunteers were needed to support athletes who were exhausted after finishing 1500m. There had been athletes sent to hospital due to respiratoryalkalosis, so we volunteers had to pay special attention to them. After all these careful preparation and hard work, things went well and all injuries were properly treated at the scene. 

Facing History and Ourselves is an international educational and professional development organization whose mission is to engage students of diverse backgrounds in an examination of racism, prejudice and anti-Semitism in order to promote the development of a more humane and informed citizenry. By studying the historical development and lessons of the Holocaust and other examples of collective violence, students make the essential connection between history and the moral choices they confront in their own lives.
During the class, we visited The Memorial Hall of the Victims in Nanjing Massacre by Japanese Invaders. We learned about Nazi's concentration camp, Nanjing Massacre, Rwandan genocide, and so many more other violence. 
I was appalled by the fact that at this civilized age, when everything seemed to be carried out peacefully, genocides and hollocausts keep happening. I have learned that brutal crimes have been carried out due to indifference, prejudice, racism, so many characteristic that seemed tiny but could lead to serious consequences if held by the whole community. I've seen the worst part of humanity, and decided to try my best to stop them. 